# p1

1. Hey everyone! This is the repository for p1. If you're relatively new to github (like me) https://guides.github.com/ can be a good place to get up and running.
2. Just to get things started, I have uploaded my files for p0. According to me everything is working fine. Feel free to suggest changes, point out errors and clarify stuff if the commenting isn't good enough.
3. Config, Test_GradeEstimator and ScoreListADt are files that have been given to us for p1. These do not need to be submitted and cannot be changed.
4. To work on a part of the program, you can create a new branch from the master, give the branch an appropriate name related to what you're working on, download the necessary files from the repo to the src folders on your computer and make the required changes. Once you're done working, upload the files that you have changed TO YOUR BRANCH ONLY and commit the changes. Once you're done working on the branch, you can create a new pull request to integrate your work with the master branch. I think we should avoid directly commiting to master since if there are any errors it will be really hard to correct it.
5. Again if the above didn't make much sense https://guides.github.com/ is the place to go. The first 2 tutorials should be enough for our purpose I think and it'll just take 15 minutes.
6. And do let everyone on groupme know what part of the program you are working on so that we can avoid redundancy.
7. Hey guys! I tried to solve p1 so that I was thorough with the program for the quiz. My solution is on the branch 'Mod' and I think everything works fine. Since this wasn't of any official use but just for satisfaction, I didn't bother commenting it in too much detail but still commenting is reasonably done. I reckon my implementation of GradeEstimator is a little different than Matt's. And lastly, while working on this solution, I realized I had made a mistake on ScoreIterator. Since the category of the score was a string but only of a single letter, I accidentally used == to compare it thinking it to be a character and not .equals() method. I apologize to Matt and everyone else who faced a problem because of that.
